Meeting Title: Mentor-mentee booking flow and dashboard configuration for Amazon dry run
Date: Dec 17

Transcript:
 
Them: Cancellations in this case because the cancellation. The calendar. You won't know it here, but that's one way to solve it. The other thing is to integrate the calendar itself. But then that's not great ux, because you'll see the other meetings that are not part of this mentor mentee matching thing either. Because if you plug in Google calendar, and there's a work meeting that I have with Amazon. Or an external call with someone who's not a part of the program, I'll still show up here.  
Me: Yeah, I think that's there. So the ideal way to kind of do this is in a way, just show a pop up that, hey, listen, you have a meeting coming up, or how would that look like, according to you?  
Them: I would have a card on the landing page if you can share your screen.  
Me: Just a minute.  
Them: Once you have been open, can you open yours? Yeah, sure thing.  
Me: Show.  
Them: The dashboard. Yeah. Or you mean the homepage? The home page. Home page? The first thing you see after you log in. Okay? Here. I already logged in as a mentor because we were trying to do an imitation. Of what Amazon Team will see today at the meeting. No. So you have a sidebar pops up. That you. Where? Yeah, this is. This is the next one. Okay, dashboard. Yes. So you're right once where you see recent activity.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: A card like that says upcoming meetings and just. Just the time and who the mentee is, just that information.  
Me: Okay, noted.  
Them: Right. So, you know, coming meeting, coming. Yeah, and already we tried to book as mnt with me. But the booking request didn't show here. And neither here as well.  
Me: Got it. Yeah. So these were a few placeholder things which I've kind of just placed because I was yet to receive some feedback on the dashboard. Especially for the task management system which you wanted for the mentors and mentees. So let me kind of work on this. Let me first build something.  
Them: But irrespective of the meeting invite should have been on your calendar. Meeting. Hello.  
Me: Yep.  
Them: Sorry. I just want to. Get get the problem correct. The main invite is the meeting invite on your calendar. Money. I'm sorry. I was losing you guys. I couldn't hear anything. Can you. Say. Did the meeting invite Common calendar? Yeah, it came to my calendar. The whole, like, the process started to. Okay. It's the front end. Okay, got it. So until. That's not reflecting that part. Okay. No, no, yeah. It's not. It's not reflecting that part. But at the same thing, we were like, the. The process is supposed to be is that the mentee will send the request. To the mentor and the mentors page and the mentor will decide whether to approve it or not. But in the, you know, the minute dry run that we've just done, like myself and Levi, When. When he clicked on on booking a session with me directly, it went to both of our calendars without waiting for the approval of me as a mentor. And, you know, directly it went to my calendar. It just saw the availability of my calendar, and that's it. Understood. And so you can tell some you are rejected from the calendar now. Sorry. So on the calendar it's come as a request. Or is it come as a meeting you have already accepted on the calendar? It is coming as a meeting. It's supposed to be as a request. Understood? Right. Okay? So I think what you need to do is when the. When the mentor confirms on the spending request on the platform, the UN says book take this meeting. That's when the meeting invite needs to go out, not when the mentee is making the booking.  
Me: Got it. Got it. Yeah, I think.  
Them: Okay? The mentee makes the booking based on time availability. That request is sent to the mentor. When the mentors is yes is when the calendar is triggered. Until then, the instructions for the calendar then go out.  
Me: Got it. Got it. But I. I think initially also like our whole funda from going from Calendly to Carlos, that they had this approval kind of sorted out. So let me check into this. If they don't have it, I think we'll have to make it. Let me do that.  
Them: All right.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And we will see to add farmers. Regard. Okay?  
Me: Y.  
Them: Okay, so I saw that you already changed the monthly, you know, earnings into feedback received.  
Me: Es.  
Them: Any idea how it will look like? But like the feedback received. When I click on it.  
Me: So feedback received. Also, let's say it's. It's kind of going to come in as a side pop up. So something like what Nicol was saying, right? Like, upcoming session. So if you want, I can kind of build it out as a section where you're getting, like, specific feedback regarding the call. Along with the timestamps, if that is fine, or would you want a separate section altogether?  
Them: Let's let. 's pause this for now. So. So we're on a time crunch here. Let's focus on what really matters for this meeting. So, basically, yesterday, Amazon. Sorry, I was at. Someone else gave me a quick call, so I stepped away. So basically, all they want to see today in this dry run. Is they want to see us. Set up a mentor profile. Then they want to see a setup, a mentee profile. Then they want to see that new mentee profile book, the Mentor. They want to see the mentor accept or reject the call. And then the calendar invite being sent through. So anything else beyond that? Let's leave it for after today's call. We just need to make sure we can at least get that flow done today to show them. And then if we need to get into the nitty gritty of little things, let. Let's do that later on. Which means the only thing you need to fix right now. Watch. Is the acceptance on the dashboard. Pending request and acceptance. That's the only thing that needs to be fixed. You. You can set up a mentor profile. You're able to set up a mentee profile. The mentor profile is set up. It shows in the search. The mentor is able to find the profile. The mentee is able to request a booking. Right now it's skipping one step by the mentor needs to approve it and directly creating a calendar booking on the booking on the calendar. It just needs to now show up. On the mentors inbox of sorts on the dashboard as a pending request. The mentor needs to say okay and then it should work on the calendar and the mentor says decline. There should be a notification or a message sent to the mentee, to the platform or to an email that has been declined. Whatever is easier. And for now, for the demo and it should not show up on the calendar. That's the fix that needs to be made. Have you on the same page. Yep, exactly. What? When's your meeting? Ui. It's at 2 o'clock, so in three and a half hours. What's in the possibility? Get this up and running in the next hour and a half so they can try run it again.  
Me: I mean, I can definitely give this a short and try. Yeah.  
Them: Quick question. So I know, obviously I understand because calm is inlaid indoor site. When you take actions there, everything's living in the cow. The email notifications, if your palate is set up so you have to accept it's all going to be through email. I understand that. So what I'm thinking is it's going to be less user friendly. But can we, instead of showing the calendar immediately on the profile, Have a quick like form that says you know my name, my email, here's the reason why I want to book the session and then click the button to like submit your request. It would come through the. The. The profile portal. The mentor sees it, says, yes, this is someone I would like to mentor accept. And then the mentee gets an email or in the portal now they get a link to the calendar. That works. It just adds two layers of friction because someone has to fill out a form and then, you know, whether they would book a time, whether they would follow up on the action of actually booking a meeting. We don't know that we can do that. Alternately, you can check with Amazon if the mentor is going to be able to offer a time. Where the mentor. So the same the plenty field of the form the mentors is the booking which says. Okay, I'm ready to take the call. And keep blocks it on this calendar and then invite goes to the mentee. That could work as well. In the mentoring to do the scheduling himself. I know. It's. It. It's. It's less functional. I know that. At least it can be. Shown pretty quickly and I know it's less headache from a development side. But yes, there is. There is additional friction, of course, of doing that. Yeah. Yeah. So, what do you think? The only challenge I see here is will the mentee go back, check his email, and again book a meeting? If it flips your mind or if they miss that email. If it goes to spam, bring that meeting. Doesn't happen. Right. So I want to try to find a way to edit proof set so Amazon for both these options. Today in the meeting. And yeah, if Amazon says okay on the menu to do it, then we do that. So. So today's meeting is not a place to ask these questions. We will have a separate calls with the lady that we've been working with where we can ask these questions. Today is with the head of MENA and the head of apac, and they want to see it working. So we're not going to ask them do you want this or that? We're going to show them what it is. They want the form put up today before the meeting. Is that what they're saying? They want to dry run. Yeah. Do you want to do the diagram with the form? They want a dry run of the platform working. So if we show them one thing, we can also say, of course, like, hey, we're still working out a couple things on the development side. This will be tweaked. Tweak, tweaked, whatever. But they want to see that it works and that it's ready to roll out. Then what this is. Yeah. So. Yeah. So what I'd suggest is let the request come in the way it does today. And then come into the mentor and you can tell them, okay. By the way, while this request is coming, you can have additional context come as well. And that's a feature we can we are adding one. Okay, Repeat that, please. Right now, the same flow. The mentee makes a booking. It goes as a request to the mentor. The mentor says, okay, and then a calendar invite is sent. Let's show that. Or not the form right now and we can tell them we can keep adding this form. Where that change quite a bit of things on the front end, on the UI and on the way the API calls are structured and. That's the only possible. Okay? So what we'll do is we'll make sure that the COW settings, when we book it, the money, we'll make sure that we have all of those additional. Here. I'll just share my screen real quick. Obviously, you'll be through email. It's not going to be on the platform, but when setting up the calendar, there's the settings that will need to have which is confirmation. No, not copy mission. Sorry. But it requires confirmation. And then also the the hide email image. So let's make sure that this is set up this way for whichever account in the dry run we book a time with and then we can show in the email. You know, you have to accept it. And then we go to the calendar invite, and it shows no one's email. Just the way they see it, how it will be done. Okay? Sure. All right. That's the question.  
Me: Yep.  
Them: The requesting by the mentee books. Of course there is something.  
Me: Not promising anything, but I can definitely at least try a framework wherein they can at least show that, hey, listen, this is going to be the flow.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: It could.  
Them: But the calendar invite will go only after the mentor accepted.  
Me: I mean, that's. That's just something which I'll have to check in because if they are booking this directly from that calendar of that calm, it's directly going in either ways. That's the thing.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: We don't have a control over accepting or rejecting. So let's say when someone is going on the calendar of a mentor, choosing a time, entering their details, the meeting is booked. Initially we had this where Calco. Com has this functionality of accepting or rejecting, but now we are seeing that it does not have that. So we'll have to maybe tweak some things. But again, since it's directly through cal, we don't have a control over it. That's the thing.  
Them: Okay, in that case. In that case. Going back to what Levi said about the form. I see the mentors profiles today. And when I click on book a meeting. Instead of being the redirected to CAL request comes to the mentor that XYZ mentee wants to book a meeting, the mentor needs to accept it. And then the calendar link is sent to the mentee. Can you get this flow up and running in the next hour and a half?  
Me: Yes. This. This at least the form which is there. That can be done. Let me at least try to do that.  
Them: And then at least the. The upside of this, and we can say, hey, we're still tweaking some of this. The, the upside of this is that obviously, because that those quick three questions. We can. When you request a booking, we can make sure, since that's in the platform, that now that's tied to the dashboard. So we'll start showing stats. Yeah. Which is easier than the Cal backend. Got it. Cool. So let's just. Let's just do that. For the sake of this call, we'll have a call with the lady that we've been working with up until now afterwards, to be like, hey. We're still working out some final details, blah, blah, blah. But for the dry run, we just went this. And she'll understand. Symbolic. So just to reiterate and make sure we are all on the same page, When the mentee clicks on, request a booking. A pop up with three questions. Name, why do you want this meeting or some context meeting and what. What. What's the third question you want to ask me? Right here. So let's just. Let's just go through this. Oh, thanks. Thanks for that. That's perfect. Cool. So when I go to book a session instead of the Cal integration here. It can just say, book a session. And then similar to, like, when we're signing up as a mentor, obviously, I think. Yeah. So I think this is just air table, right?  
Me: Yeah, that's. That's like, yeah.  
Them: So in the same way, we can just have let's think of what questions would be best. So it'd be. Book a session. It'd be name, email, and then basically, why do you want to book the session? Or what are you hoping to accomplish? Yeah.  
Me: All right.  
Them: That's it. The difference being? If you're not. If you don't have a mentee account yet. Is it going to ask you. So if I log out. One second. So those three questions get filled. There's a submit button. Once they click on the button, When that button is clicked. The name, email ID and that what do you want from the session? What are you hoping to achieve? That goes as a message to the mentor which shown in their books. And over there the mentor has two options, accept or reject. If you clicks on Accept then an email engage the calendar name on Cal is then sent to the mentee, and he's been able to book whatever time he wants to go. That should be the flow. Yeah, exactly. Yes. All right, I'm going to have to drop off and look at some of the GD questions for Venturers. But let's get this flow and then I think you should do good. But we'll figure out the other preaching. Figure it out. But this should be done in the next hour and a half, right? Once.  
Me: Yeah. Okay, cool. So I'll get this up and running in the next hour and a half in case I run into something. I'll keep you guys in the loop. All right.  
Them: People post it in real time.  
Me: Sure. Yeah. See you guys.  
Them: Thank you. I'm dropping off. You guys can. I'm just dropping a vats, but you can finish off whatever needs to be done with Levi.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: Yes. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you both. Thanks, nikhil. So.  
Me: Yep.  
Them: Okay, Eliv, can you please try again? Because they've updated my Kyle. Com to confirmation requirement and also hiding my email. Can I try to book once more? Yeah. Which one? The last one, Amani? Yeah, this one. Okay? And now. Do what? Just book a time. Anytime. Yeah. Successfully. So now it's awaiting approval. Calm has sent an email to me. Yep. Asking me to give approval now. So it's perfect for now, I think.  
Me: So I think this entire configuration can be done from CAD com itself, right? In that case, do we really need a form, or how is that?  
Them: So. The. The only thing is that the mentor. So, like, if you go into your profile, Amani, obviously nothing's going to show under your portal as, like, requests or anything like that. Yeah, let me just. Now it shows in. In the portal. In the portal. In the portal. That's. That's huge. I'm sharing my screen in a bit. So you can see my screen, guys, right?  
Me: Yes. There. I think things are sorted. No, in a way.  
Them: Yeah. So this is. It's here in the pending bookings. Then when I go to go to bookings requests, it's not showing. But it shows on the dashboard itself. That's awkward.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: Interesting.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: And also I cannot click on the pending bookings. So if we can enable this as well, that it will be way, way more appreciated because we are expecting each mentor to receive more than one booking. Each time. So, I mean, when we. Once we click here on pending bookings, it will redirect us directly to this page, which is booking request, where they can view all of the requests. From all mentees.  
Me: All right. Yeah, I think this can.  
Them: So under live sessions, does anything show under my sessions? My sessions. No. Neither the complete from the dashboard.  
Me: Yeah, because initially, see, the thing is that this was a bit more hard coded, right? Because yesterday the requirement was for a quick turnaround time around this, and we didn't have any specific feedback regarding how the dashboard would look. So this was just like a mockup. So let me kind of just refresh this and. Work on it a bit. I'll get the form sorted out. As far as the rescheduling is also concerned, I think we can directly do it from Cal, right? Amani, you had shown your calendar also. While booking. So there's also a reschedule functionality inside the embedding which I've created so you can directly maybe reschedule a time through there. So that's also something which is sorted out. So overall, we just have to focus on the form and a few of these dynamic connections, if I'm not wrong. All right.  
Them: Okay. Do you have any questions right now? Vats?  
Me: No questions. Right now. I more or less have the full context of what has to be done. I'll just share the flow, which I have got from Nikola. And I also know. Just for, you know, an entire context, which I'm getting correct. And if there's anything else which needs to be fixed or any more changes, just let me know. I'll get this up and running in some time, all right?  
Them: Okay? Sounds good. Amani, please stay on top of this. I'm in a couple calls coming up. But no worries. But let's. Let's make it happen. Also, for the account that you just set up. With all of those Cal integrations. Just. Complete your profiles or the picture of proper bio, because I want it to look like a full profile and we do the dry run and book that one. Okay, no worries. Sounds good. Talk soon, guys. Thank you. Thank you.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: Thank you.  
Me: Yes. 